Help center/ask ai: add doc MCP server (#459)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/documentation-experience/ask-ai-capabilities.md

- Generates a **[llms.txt](/help/publish-documentation/seo-geo/#llmstxt-for-llm-crawlers)** file at the root of your documentation.

## Ask AI dropdown in the documentation

Many API consumers now rely on AI tools to help them quickly discover API capabilities. The Ask AI dropdown menu offers documentation users a way to either add the doc MCP server, open the current page in Claude/ChatGPT, or access the Markdown version.

![ask-ai-dropdown.png](/docs/images/help/ask-ai-dropdown.png)

Available options:

| Option | Description |
|---|---|
| **Add to Cursor** | Adds the doc/hub MCP server to Cursor in one click. |
| **Add to VS Code** | Adds the doc/hub MCP server to VS Code in one click. |
| **Add to other AI tools (MCP)** | Shows the MCP server URL and a ready-to-use `mcp.json` snippet. |
| **Open in ChatGPT** | Opens the current page in ChatGPT with the right Markdown page pre-linked. |
| **Open in Claude** | Opens the current page in ChatGPT with the right Markdown page pre-linked. |
| **View as Markdown** | Opens the Markdown version of the current page. |
| **Copy as Markdown** | Copies the Markdown content of the current page to the clipboard. |

## MCP server

> > Docs MCP servers are only available for public docs/hubs. Private MCP servers coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Docs MCP servers are currently only available for public docs/hubs.
```

Underpromise, overdeliver: we don't say "soon" if we're not sure ;)

{: .info}

When Ask AI is enabled, Bump.sh exposes an MCP server for your doc/hub. AI agents can use it to search, navigate, and read your API documentation programmatically, without having to scrape HTML pages or parse raw OpenAPI files. As search results are computed on our side, based on your documentation, it reduces the risk of AI hallucinations: the AI should just output information provided by the MCP server.

The MCP server URL is shown in your doc/hub settings and accessible from the Ask AI dropdown.

> Note that each MCP server URL is scoped to a specific doc or hub: it will only expose information about the doc/hub it was activated on, not your entire Bump.sh doc portal.
{: .info}

### Add the MCP server to your AI tool

The "Ask AI" dropdown in your API docs/hubs provides a one-click setup for Cursor and VS Code. The MCP server URL is available by clicking the "Add to other AI tools (MCP)" section.

> If it's your first time adding an MCP server in your AI tool, check our [tutorial covering major AI tools](/help/mcp-servers/use-mcp-server).  

Reviewer: This is not for our maintainer, but for their end-user. It should probably not be on this page, in my opinion. We can remove it.
